Automate building using docker (#1)
guyush1/gdb-static: README.md

The statically compiled gdb / gdbserver binaries are avaliable to download under github releases! 

# Compiling gdb using docker

> I have provided a dockerfile that will compile gdb statically for you.

Reviewer: ``
```suggestion
I have provided a dockerfile that will help you compile gdb & gdbserver statically without dependency issues.
```

III) run `make -j$(nproc)`
IV) run `mkdir ./src/.libs/lib`
V) run `cp ./src/.libs/libmpfr.a ./src/.libs/lib`

> VI) run `mkdir ./src/.libs/include`

Reviewer: thx 🙏

Reviewer: sorry about that, i didn't document my compilation process, and only wrote what i could remember after i compiled everything and forgot about this completly

Author: This turned into a great debug challenge though!
